
# Singly SDK ChangeLog

## 1.3.0

* Fixed an issue with native Facebook authorization on iOS 7.

* Removed support for the Friends API and syncing of contacts to the Singly
  service.

* Fixed a possible crash in the login picker view controller when services are
  missing icons.

* Delegate methods are no longer guaranteed to be called on the main thread. You
  should ensure that you are dispatching to the correct thread as needed.

* Fixed an issue where revoked access to an app via Facebook would prevent the
  next authorization attempt from succeeding.

* When an app is not properly configured for Facebook app-based authorization, a
  more informative message is printed to the console (when the DEBUG flag is
  set).

* When determining whether or not an app is configured for Facebook app-based
  authorization, the app delegate is now checks for implementation of the
  `application:openURL:sourceApplication:annotation:` method.

* Fixed an issue where apps with custom URL schemes other than or in addition to
  Facebook would prevent application-based authorization from being attempted.

* Added support for Facebook URL suffixes (thanks to Devin Chalmers).

* Various bug fixes to improve stability and reliability.

## 1.2.3 - March 22nd, 2013

* Fixed formatting of URLs generated by SinglyRequest to address issues with
  proxying requests to services.

## 1.2.2 - March 15th, 2013

* Delegate methods are now dispatched on the main thread.

* The Singly logo is no longer used as the default loading indicator.

* Fixed an issue where applying access tokens with the Singly API would always
  create a new account.

* Completion handlers are now called reliably for native authorizations via
  Twitter and Facebook.

* Capitalize service identifiers displayed in the web-based workflow. There is
  a better solution coming in 1.3 that will display services with their correct
  capitalization.

* The `singlyServiceDidFail:` delegate method is now called when the user aborts
  a Facebook or Twitter native request.

## 1.2.1 - March 4th, 2013

* Fixed example in documentation for the SinglyLoginPickerViewController.

* Fixed native Twitter authorization on iOS 5.x.

* Fixed CocoaPods spec for iOS 5.x.

## 1.2.0 — February 27th, 2013

* Added support for removing Singly accounts by calling `removeAccount:` or
  `removeAccountWithCompletion:` on the shared SinglySession instance. This will
  destroy the account at Singly, disconnecting the user from all services.

* Added support for setting the base URL for the Singly API on `SinglySession`.

* Improved error handling and many of the method signatures to allow for passing
  errors by reference.

* Notifications are now posted when the session is started and reset.

* An exception is now raised if you attempt to start a session without providing
  your client id and client secret.

## 1.1.3 — January 31st, 2013

* Added `X-Singly-SDK` and `X-Singly-SDK-Version` headers to `SinglyRequest`.

* Updated project settings for Xcode 4.6 and fixed additional code warnings that
  it exposed.

## 1.1.2 — January 25th, 2013

* Fixed a GCD memory management issue that was causing compilation failures for
  applications that are targeted for iOS 6.

* Modernized some deprecated calls for iOS 6.

## 1.1.1 — January 23rd, 2013

* Fixed an issue where delegate methods were not being called after successful
  (or failed) logins attempts with the login view controller.

## 1.1.0 — January 17th, 2013

* The method `startSessionWithCompletionHandler:` on `SinglySession` is now
  deprecated. Please use `startSessionWithCompletion:` instead.

* You may now disconnect from services by calling `disconnect` or
  `disconnectWithCompletion:` on instances SinglyService. This was previously
  only possible through the use of `SinglyLoginPickerViewController`.

* Auth tokens for services are now available in the `profiles` property on
  `SinglySession`.

* The simplified profile is now fetched in place of the profiles endpoint and
  is accessible with the `profile` property on `SinglySession`.

* Device contacts may now be synced with the Singly API by calling the
  `syncDeviceContacts` method on `SinglySession`.

* Service icons are now bundled with the framework for performance.

* Avatar images for friends in the friends picker are now cached.

* The friends picker is now an indexed table view with on-demand loading of
  friends as you scroll through the list.

* Placeholder images in the login and friend pickers are no longer cleared if
  the image fails to load.

## 1.0.3 — December 17th, 2012

* Fixed an issue that caused a crash in the SDK when returning from the native
  Facebook app after authorization completed.

## 1.0.2 — December 7th, 2012

* Fixed a runtime issue with iOS 5.x caused by accessing an undefined symbol in
  the Accounts framework.

## 1.0.1 — December 5th, 2012

* Added support for Cocoapods.

* Improved error reporting in the example app when a network is not available.

* Fixed some issues that were a result of profile notifications not being posted
  on the correct thread.

## 1.0.0 — December 3rd, 2012

* Initial release with a focus on authentication and API requests.
